This project, and proof of concept, is a development environment for creating React components. It is inspired by both Storybook and Styleguidist, but differs with respect to a key design goal: developers shouldn't be burdened to write *additional* code (Storybook stories) or markdown (Styleguidist) when creating components. And especially not in the beginning of the development process. Fake data, based on types, should be autogenerated so that the developer can focus on the task at hand and only when types fail to provide sufficient information should the developer be required to do more.

## Getting started ##

Clone the repo and ```npm i``` (script here to start both servers)
- Create a new component in ```src/components```:
```
// @flow

import React, { Component } from "react";

type Props = {
  id: string,
  firstName: string,
  lastName: string,
  zipCode: number
};

class User extends Component<Props> {
  render() {
    return (
      <div className="Movie">
        <div>User</div>
        <div>ID: {this.props.id}</div>
        <div>First Name: {this.props.firstName}</div>
        <div>Last Name: {this.props.lastName}</div>
        <div>Zipcode: {this.props.zipCode}</div>
      </div>
    );
  }
}

export default User;

```
- ```npm run start```

The component is rendered with autogenerated data. Notice also the tabs `Types`, and `Code`. If you change or add a type, say `favoriteMovies: Array<strings>`, the changes will appear immediately.

For more specific fake data, select the `Custom` tab. Each type can be adjusted. Click on the dropdown and select a type.

```
id -> random - uuid
firstName -> name - firstName
lastName -> name - lastName
zipCode -> address - zipCode
```

Click `NEW` and at the top of the screen, a new snapshot has been created. Click on it and then click on the `Component` tab and all of the data has been created for you. Click back on the tab and you can delete it, edit it, or make some changes and create a new one. 

## Todo

- Retrieve imported Flow types
- [X] Auto generate far more fake data, different varieties, and in different amounts
  - arrays: different lengths
- [X] With the additional fake data, allow the user to select what they want with dropdowns / reset option
- Type Inspector and Selector for choosing "custom types"
c- [X] Allow snapshots of fake data to be taken and selected, edited, and deleted
- Routing for each of the components
- Generate markdown
- Redux components
- Ensure all types work
- Check inside folders for components (not all in `src/components`)
- Give warning when snapshots are not in sync with current flow types.
- Allow return to default option
- Imports should remove ones that have been deleted
- Give warning when file has been deleted
- Support for literals and unions
- Allow custom snapshot names

## Todo after POC

- Allow configuration
  - `src/components`
  - Hook into react-create-app projects

## Development

For a temporary solution to see logging, log out clearConsole() in `node_modules/react-dev-utils/webpackDevServerUtils` (line 147)

```
  compiler.plugin('done', stats => {
    if (isInteractive) {
      // clearConsole();
    }

```

line 88 from scripts/start.js
```
if (isInteractive) {
-        clearConsole();
+        // clearConsole();
       }
```
